
## Chapter 1
### Rayrime always eats alone
"Hey Rayrime, why do you always seem to be so lonely?"

"Hey Qiamal, why are you asking such a sensitive question?!"

Rayrime sounded stressed when she said this and was clearly close to stuttering. She was afraid that Qiamal would realize how pretty she was and start trying to "reel her in".

"Well, im kinda worried about you. However, you also seem to want to be lonely, considering how you eat lunch alone."

"No. Im just a werewolf, that's all. You see, werewolves prefer to eat food alone, since they don't want to risk allowing others to eat their food."

"Rayrime, was that some kind of joke? It wasnt funny at all. What is more funny is the fact that you said something so absurd. I dont want to laugh at you, because i dont want to hurt your feelings; but, you are practically asking to be laughed at."

"Qiamal, you such a rude pile of rubbish trash!!!" Rayrime shouted. She knew this wasn't true, but she wanted Qiamal to stop pressuring her like this.
* "... leave me alone" Rayrime said softly.

It was clear to Qiamal that Rayrime was becoming an emotional mess. So, he wanted to help.
* "Fine. I will leave Rayrime the werewolf alone. But i still need to accomodate Rayrime the human." Qiamal stated proudly while puffing out his chest.

Rayrime then said: "Great, your puffing your chest out like a human. We are both just acting like animals at this point ..."
* *slurp*
* *munch*
* *chew chew*
* "ugh. I guess i should be civilised and allow other people to eat lunch with me, if they want to."

"Yeah. I heard my buddy Logan tell me about what you said yesterday. You told him that if he sat next to you, you would make a scene and tell a professor that he got turned on by your beauty and decided to molest you."

"Ohhh; good idea! I could make you get the hail away from me too."

"Rayrime, im not going to molest you --"

"You sure?!?!" It was at this point in time that Rayrime started pulling up her shirt. It only took 0.5 seconds for Qiamal to see her belly button. Qiamal has watched enough romance movies to know what will happen next if he keeps looking her way. So, he tried to jump out of his seat, unfortunately for him, the table was in his way. He ended up tripping and falling on his face. The table was at least sturdy enough that no food was spilled, but Qiamal got a bloody nose and scraped both of his elbows.

"Ahh, shight! Qiamal! Why did you do that?!"

"Why did **YOU** do that other thing?!?!" Qiamal turned around and shouted.

"Ha. He. Haha. Hiiiii. That's ... that's kinda funny." Rayrime grinned and laughed at Qiamal.

"Are you a sadist or something?" Qiamal said.

"A sadist? A say disk? S A Y D I S K. Or Acedist? A C E D I S T?" Rayrime was now just asking questions normally, while looking at the bump between Qiamal's legs."

"That's rude... and sadist is spelled S A D I S T." As Qiamal said this, he clumsily changed his posture to hide the bump, and did a gesture with his hands, trying to calm himself down.

"Ok ok ok. Next time, i guess i wont do that. Believe it or not, i dont like seeing you flustered and angry at the same time. Hehe. Even tho i am having a lot of fun just realizing the consequences of the own actions. I should be more uhhh conscious of how my actions affect you, shouldn't I?" Rayrime used her critical thinking skills to think of the right thing to say and apologized.

There was a 3 second pause, where Qiamal simply held his eyes closed and continued to calm down. Rayrime simply looked down at him.

Rayrime continued, *quietly* "I'm sorry for knocking over. Here:" Rayrime squated and grabbed Qiamal. She put her left hand on his left hand and her right hand on his left shoulder.

Qiamal said "But someone will see --" with a worried look on his face.

Rayrime immediately corrected him: "No. Ill use myself to obscure you so no one sees anything suspicious. Feel free to put your weight into my arm when i pick you up. I want it to be clear to any onlooker that im simply helping you get up." It helped that the tables were hiding the 2 of them, and thus giving her the time to say all of this. Usually the whole room will subconsciously, relentlessly watch Rayrime. Rayrime is more beautiful than everyone else and very difficult for a person to take their mind off of.

Rayrime picked up Qiamal without any difficulty, and 11 people immediately looked at them. Everyone in the room thought that there might be some kind of commotion. However, thanks to the exact posture that Rayrime had, noone suspected anything and everyone continued behaving as usual. Rayrime made sure to be quick about getting Qiamal into her seat. There were only 2 seats at her table, and Qiamal had already knocked over the other seat. Then, Rayrime picked up the other seat, sat in it, and swapped her food with Qiamal's. She made sure to remind Qiamal of an obviously fact: "Im not a werewolf, but i really dont want you to eat any of my food if you can just eat your own food instead. But, if you are **extra** hungry, i can share some of the extra food~ ~hehe~"

Qiamal then recalled that Rayrime is extremely kind. She has her moments where she is crude and says a lot of rude things to people that she doesn't trust, but she is extremely kind. In fact, Rayrime actually wants to be as kind as possible to others, and she wants to avoid judging others in biased ways whenever she can. She has never told this to Qiamal though.

"Yo, hey Rayrime ..."

"Mffff hmm ..." Rayrime approves of the idea of him asking a question while she stuffs her face with food. She even does a loop de loop motion with her left hand to say the same thing.

"You are ... **REALLY kind**. It is kinda astonishing sometimes. Youre especially kind to me. I was wondering: is being kind to other people, is that, is that some kind of life goal of yours or something?" Qiamal has a bit of a hard time squeezing the question out, even though his breathing and pronunciation are stable now. He's just having a hard time finding the pure courage to simply communicate the question, even though he otherwise has the courage and mental integrity to speak to her right now.

"Qaimal, sometimes i ..." Reyrime starts to speak while she still has a chunk of chicken in her mouth. This causes Qiamal to think *'sometimes she just doesnt care what other people think of her, does she?'* The truth is, Reyrime does care what other people think. She is actually intentionally speaking while still having some food in her mouth because she wants others to see her negatively. Reyrime has always been afraid of others seeing her positively, because she is so beautiful that other people dont treat her like a normal person. People bow to her like she is some kind of princess, and men chase her like they are starving predators.
* "Qiamal, sometimes i think that you might just be STUPID or something. Obviously im really kind. Why would i be not kind? Doing not kind things to other people is wrong and bad. I dont wanna be wrong and bad like that. So im kind. This is pretty simple stuff. Im explaining it to ya like ur 5, bc tbh ur givin me questions like ur 5."

"Reyrime that was RUDE!"

"Rude??? um~~ sorry not sorry?"

It was at this point in time that Qiamal realized that he was quite angry. He also realized that Reyrime was grinning. This is because she actually has fun teasing him and making him angry. Qiamal never likes this. Qiamal decided to calm down. Then Qiamal began to wonder if Reyrime was actually intending to make him angry, or if she had simply accidentally made him angry. Qiamal knew that if Reyrime inadvertently and unintentionally made him angry by saying something rude, she would still find pleasure in seeing the consequences of her rudeness. This wasnnt the 1st time that Qiamal and Reyrime had had such an interaction. So, Qiamal tried his best to be understanding and give Reyrime the 'benefit of the doubt'. However, Qiamal now wants to correct Reyrime. In his heart, Qiamal hopes that his correction will help Reyrime really live up to his compliment and be a **kind** person.
* Qiamal calmly said "Ok. First of all: when i called you kind and you then called me stupid, that was kinda ironic. Your response to my compliment was an example of you being very unkind."
* "Second of all: your response was so condescending. That tone of the voice and the choice of words. Its just not ok to talk to people like that, Reyrime!"

"Is it ok for me to talk to *you* like that at least?" Rayrime had a small amount of sarcasm in her voice, since this question seemed kinda rhetorical and obvious to her.

"No ... but, yes, i guess?" Qiamal wanted to flatly say no, but he was also ok with Rayrime being honest and saying whatever she felt like saying. He didnt want to force her to abide by some kind of filter when talking to him. Qiamal had just become friends with Rayrime 1 year ago, and she clearly preferred him over all of her other friends. In fact, some of her friends were even starting to get jealous of him.

"Ah thanks. I knew i could count on you." Hold on, can Rayrime actually hear me? I know she is a smart girl and all, but im the **narrator**. It *should* be **impossible** for her to hear me, right?

"Oh no. I can totally hear you. I can break the 4th and 5th walls. Hahahah!" Rayrime did not say, because this is not that kind of story. Ugh, come on Jack, get back to the story already. I want to know what happens next in Rayrime and Qiamal's conversation!

So. Rayrime tried her best to politely ask Qiamal:
* "Im sorry for being rude earlier. But, Qiamal, can you please explain: **How** *was* i being rude earlier?"

Qiamal explained, "Well, i told you that you are kind. And then you insulted me because you think that it is an obvious fact. So, you agreed with me. The problem is that you decided to insult me, instead of just saying that you agree with me. There is a difference between those 2 verbal actions. Its a matter of intent. You seemed to intend to hurt my feelings. To be more accurate, i felt like i had stepped on a land mine -- you being the land mine. Have you been mad at me all day or was that some kind of mood swing? Wait, no. Ummmmmm Rayrime, are u doing ok today? You seem kinda stressed."

"Oh"
* "Ah, yeah."
* "Im sorry bout that, Qiamal."
* "I; I **AM** really stressed."

"Well, what happened?"

"When i walk between classes, i sometimes get touched by other guys. They like to lean over all funny like and touch me in rude ways. You get what i mean?"

Qiamal was very familiar with this. Being a man, Qiamal understood that many men were perverted. Being such a close friend of Rayrime, Qiamal knew that she is one of the most beautiful women in the world. Thus, Qiamal could easily believe that she was bothered by other men. In fact, Qiamal was constantly worried about himself doing inappropriate things too. Qiamal knows that he will need to have some kind of discussion with Rayrime about this in the future too. For now, Qiamal simply prompted Rayrime to continue explaining. "So, who touched you? And uhhh how?"

"Usually, i only get touched about 1 or 2 times a week. One time, i was touched 4 times in one day. I made sure those guys got a formal punishment."

"Wow." Qiamal did not know that Rayrime was troubled like this. He had never seen Rayrime wearing revealing clothing. And she never wore any make up. Or at least, that's how things seemed to him. Just now, he realized that 'Perhaps, Rayrime is more attractive at other times of the day. I could try to tell her that she should just dress less attractively, but that would be a rude thing to say. Im not supposed to tell women that they should look ugly. Im not supposed to give any women any advice on how to dress at all, really.'

Rayrime continued on her own: "So, today I was touched 10 times. The 10th time was really bad, for the perpetrator."

"Really?" Qialam now had a very worried and serious expression on his face. Qialam also had this feeling that he needs to protect Rayrime from other men. This is a very natural feeling that he shouldnt feel guilty about.

"Yeah, really. He's dead." Rayrime said. then she leaned in really close to Qiamal. She whispered as quiet as she could: *"can you hear me?"*

Qiamal whispered back *"Yes~"*
Rayrime whispered *"Ok. What is 73 + 182?"*
Qiamal whispered back *"That is 255~"*
Rayrime whispered *"Yeah that is 2^8 -1~"*
Qiamal whispered back *"Uh yeah... So?"*
Rayrime clenched Qiamal's shoulder really tight,
* and whispered *"I killed the man who touched me."*

Qiamal tried to jump out of seat, but couldnt, due to Rayrime's strong grip. They locked eyes. Rayrime had eyes full of sadness with a small glint of fear. Qiamal had eyes full of shock and anxious worry. Qiamal started to bite his own lips a bit. After 12 seconds, Qiamal suddenly laughed and cried at the same time.

Then Qiamal shouted "Ah, youre just kidding. That is not funny, but you had me so worried that ..."

Qiamal paused for 2 seconds. Rayrime stared with a serious face that practically spelled out "Im serious".

Qiamal then continued "I was so worried that i just started laughing. Rayrime, please dont make jokes like that --"
Rayrime put her hand on Qiamal's mouth to shut him up before anyone would notice. She tried to relax her posture so the people in the room would think they were still just whispering to each other or something like that.

Rayrime spoke quietly to Qiamal, saying "Im serious. I did it out of self defense. I didnt think it would end so badly, ok? I thought i could trust you with this. I though i could ask you for help. Please, i need you to help me calm down and destress."

Qiamal realised the gravity of his mistake, and corrected himself: "Im sorry for saying that you were joking. Im really **really** sorry. Im here to uhhh, comfort you, as a friend~"

"Thanks, bro."
